Definition Behavior Studies
Summary of Definition Behavior Studies Mnemonic

Definition Behavior Studies: This is an interdisciplinary area of study, part Computer Science, statistical process analysis, hypothesis testing, Data Science, religious studies, ethics and mindfulness, AI. Definition Studies (or system and definition behavior studies) is the field of study relating to the behavior of definitions (in particular, collapse behaviors in a context of general system collapse). 

This is an inquiry based approach; learn by asking questions; ask the difficult questions: 
What is the agenda?
What are the goals and modus operandi? 
What is the goals-means-method statement? (in a project-context, with project-participants)

Goals (Agenda): goals-means-method statement / "we-can" statements:
We can succeed. 
We can make things work. 
We can understand what is wrong.
We can fix what is broken. 
We can use non-automatically learned skills.

We can use STEM to connect signals and reality.
We can connect STEM, project-management, and ethics.
We can use intersecting-interlocking-interconnecting areas.
We can communicate, learn, and solve problems.
We can manage types of, and terms for, generalization.
We can use ~'low-bar enlightenment'.
We can extend or maintain, not only contract.
We can complete projects.
We can make progress.

We can generalize; We can distinguish between, and use, types of generalization. 
We can generalize STEM.
We can generalize participation.
We can generalize projects (project-context).
We can generalize decision-coordination (voting etc).
We can generalize indirectly defined Value-Function-&-Meaning (non-collapse).
We can generalize object-relationship-spaces. 
We can generalize categories of types of systems.
We can generalize system-fitness and system-epidemiology.
We can generalize data-hygiene.
We can generalize system collapse.
We can generalize system defense, system health, system-information-epidemiology.
We can generalize disinformation vs. definition-clarification.




We Can Use "Low-Bar Enlightenment":
	(Summary)
We can use the idea of 'being trapped in potentially endless cycles of ~"rebirth" due to ~"ignorance" ' as a metaphor/analogy for repeated project-failures, where a lack of perception / understanding of the causes of project-failures is involved in self-perpetuating feedback cycles leading to such repeating failures (with invisible or misunderstood causes): being endlessly (proverbially) 'reborn' into mismanaged projects that unnecessarily fail in the same correctable, but uncorrected, ways over and over again ad-infinitum.
We can learn to perceive invisible (or previously unperceived and not-automatically-perceived) causes of failure and collapse ((definable, measurable, testable, falsifiable) project, system, definition failure and collapse), where this failure and collapse (this system-state of failure-collapse) can be the default states/equilibria that systems move and iterate towards.
We can stop these cycles of failure by using information and perception.

Low-Bar Enlightenment:
1. The perception/understanding that repeating cycles of failed actions and projects can result from errors in perception and planning (a proverbial 'wheel of samsara') without inevitable-automatic-learning arising from raw feedback from that failure (where learning does not automatically result from experiencing mistakes or overall-system-shocks etc.).
[Possibly related to ~'cultural'-learning as an additional layer:  Q: How are internally-invisible skills/abilities/patterns learned? A: externally?]
2. The perception/understanding that perception/understanding can be fooled in principle and in practice.
3. The perception/understanding that learning-from-failures does not happen automatically, and can indefinitely not-happen.
? #. The perception/understanding that non-automatic-learning and invisible-problems are not solved by 'system shocks,' the use of violence, or arbitrary low level (basal) system changes (also see basal-distal disjunctions).
4. The perception/understanding that models of causality can be wrong in principle and in practice.
5. The perception/understanding that plans/goals can be incorrectly defined (so that plans are not followed or follow-able as defined, and goals are not achieved or achievable as defined).
6.  The perception/understanding that each participant's set of the shared definitions of the goals-and-structure-of-a-project can/will collapse and deform (by default) unless properly configured and continually and actively maintained and repaired. There is no static definition/perception/understanding equilibrium: Staying connected to reality requires constant fitness-training and upkeep. 
(Universality Question: specific biology[intelligence] vs. general[ai, etc]?)

Note: This "low-bar enlightenment" approach is ('democratically') broadly accessible to participants requiring minutes to learn rather than myriad lifetimes, does not require all-around perfection of person-ness, without context or requiring somehow all contexts, is not a reification that combines other abilities and insights to explain and solve all problems in all universes, nor does it include or require all possible types of consciousness, cognition, intelligence, etc.; "Low-bar enlightenment" is one humble step toward navigating the problem-space of problems and systems. 

Note: There may be a limited way to generalize an understanding of perception-maintenance needs ( 'low bar enlightenment' ) to other participants in a way that is consistent with empathy-compassion. Extending an understanding of low bar enlightenment from just your own situation (perceptions, roles, projects, etc.) to being something that applies in a larger space (in which one participates, or not, with other participants) to all participants and all other parts (e.g. definitions, perceptions, etc.) of any projects (including the effects and spread of system-failure between parts and between participants, between projects, etc.) is, if not sufficient for empathy-and-compassion in a broader or deeper sense, a consistent and concrete step to take towards acting with (action, behavior with) empathy-and-compassion, including an understanding of how empathy-compassion relates to STEM and interconnected areas.

Note: 'Reality' (the meaning used here) is not a single, simple, uniform, static, homogeneous, thing made of only one type of system assumed to fit into a single framework. (not naive realist positivist) 

Note: Low-bar enlightenment and or definition behavior studies may contradict the description or definition of anything information-related as being tautologically "anti-entropic." E.g. perhaps as a kind of higher-level-noise that ends up reducing all signals in the system to being the same predictable low-entropy noise. (...or perhaps this is a bad analogy or extension of signal integrity measures) [You might use the same overall case study of telephone messages traveling from the east coast to the west coast without being altered, degraded, collapsed, noise-ified, lost, etc. Note, using a moving-water-bottles-logistics project example, the collapse of definitions need not refer to any fuzzy higher order cultural concepts, with no need to wave arms about 'moot cultural meanings', low level metric, spec and instruction signal integrity can be the focus. (another possible analogy-overlap, social-engineering attacks used on a purely automated system)]

 
We can use Intersecting-Interlocking-Interconnecting-Areas:
Intersecting-Interlocking-Interconnecting-Areas include:
	- Clear & Functional Definitions
	- Context
	- Generalized STEM
	- Generalized Projects (project-context)
	- Generalized Participation (+functional qualifications to participate; 
   ~3 participation categories with pre & post)
      - Generalized Decision Coordination (voting etc).
	- Generalized System Collapse
	- Generalized Categories of Types of Systems
	- Generalized Ethics, Duty & Responsibility
- Generalized Definition-Clarification vs. Disinformation-Violence
- Generalized Definition Behaviors
- Generalized System-Productivity (including long-term)
? - Generalized indirectly-defined local value-function-and-meaning
	(context and setting-location-items?)
	(low-bar-enlightenment?)





We can use system-fitness-health-status-indicators.
We can use system-defense to prevent collapse.
We can design systems to protect against system collapse. (e.g. system membranes)
We can use models of generalized system & definition collapse behaviors including: modeling a default drift away from reality, attraction to system collapse, and weathering of definitions,etc.
We can model the relationship between system simplicity (e.g. homogeneity) and system collapse. ('Simple has a shape.')
We can use categories of types of systems.
We can use non-automatic learning.
We can find and fix errors in perception.
We can organize projects.
We can distinguish short term vs. long term.
We can assign roles.
We can test, check, and verify.
We can have policies on errors-and-mistakes.

We can improve and cultivate perception by observing perception (including: indirectly observing perception).
We can observe the effects of abstraction (effects of observation and definition).
We can operationally define 'policy' as algorithms for non-collapse based on dynamics of system and definition collapse. (plus context?)
We can better understand the relationship between disinformation and system collapse.
We can define indeterminate-incompetence-and-malice as part of system collapse.
We can audit.
We can publish.
We can act with ethics, empathy and compassion.
We can maintain extended ranges (e.g. [vitruvian] range of motion). (e.g. vs. contraction and collapse) (context for 'vitruvian' nickname here : en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitruvian_Man)
We can follow best practice.

We can communicate and coordinate in these areas and ways: 
We can communicate across space.
We can communicate across time.
We can communicate across cultures.
We can communicate across generation-gaps.
We can communicate across succession gaps.
We can communicate across languages.
We can communicate across types of participants.(AI/bio + pre-participant to post-participant)
We can communicate across roles.
We can communicate across projects, and parts and phases of projects (schedules).
We can communicate across groups/teams.
We can communicate across media of communication.
We can communicate across Input-Output Measures.
We can communicate using tools in a project-context for coordination 
 and decision making. (votes in elections/polls/surveys/questionnaires/planning-meetings)


We can understand a spectrum of disinformation and clarification-of-information.
We can implement sustainable solutions.
We can prevent future problems.
We can reverse damage from past problems.
We can learn from the past.
We can collect data.
We can ratchet forward (towards project completion) using methods that work.


we can make/generate/cultivate and use/utilize:
We can make and use clear descriptions (vs. liabilities of jargon & undefined terms).
We can make and use decisions and coordinate (e.g. voting) frameworks and protocols.
We can make and use clear functional operational definitions.
We can make and use data.
We can make and use policies.
We can make and use mandates.
We can make and use strategies.
We can make and use tactics.
We can make and use modular recombinant frameworks.
We can make and use feedback, tests & evaluations / assessment in various forms at various process stages (pre, formative, summative, post, 'aftermarket,' longitudinal, etc).
We can make and use clear functional and operational definitions that keep their meaning over time.

We can complete /  succeed-in / finish / progress-through projects.
We can meet / deliver the needs of the target /user.
We can make progress.

We can make progress by using information about the behavior of definitions: This topic is System and Definition Behavior Studies, the field of study pertaining to the behavior of definitions. (These we-can goals statements may be a measurable proxy-defintion for 'progress.')




Instrumentalist Modules + Principles, Applications, Narratives
These can-do statements (the goals and agenda for definition behavior studies) can be seen as instrumentalist modular recombinant tool-set areas.
We can combine (narrative summaries of) principles and applications with instrumentalist modular tool set areas.


Narratives, Principles and Applications:
I have constructed a mnemonic device to cover a narrative survey of principles and applications. 
We will do a first/Introductory pass/sweep through the material to map the overall features and layout before doing later sweeps/passes: zoom in, zoom out. (Like NASA missions.)

The main tools that we will use to go through the (definition behavior studies) mnemonic include:
- (by analogy) perspectograph: non-automatically learned skills (context: checking perception, e.g. Vetruvian eggshell) 
- zooming in, zooming out
- maps and flags
- hypothetico-deductive testing
- clear communication (e.g. STEM and clear communication; CS: Q: How to write good code? A: Communicate.)
- concrete narratives: stories


Here is an example of a concrete narrative:
An ambassador travels to earth from the galaxy of Andromeda: 
And says:
"Hello, I am an Ambassador.
And I have traveled to earth from the galaxy of Andromeda.
In the galaxy of Andromeda we have a large-scale (intergalactic) diverse (multi-species) highly productive community.
We would like to know if you, homo sapiens and earth, would like to join
our large-scale (intergalactic), diverse (multi species), highly productive community.
Here is an application form.
Please fill it out and tell us what you could bring of value 
to our large-scale (intergalactic), diverse (multi species), highly productive community.
One more thing: Tell us what you know about moving water bottles.
Moving water bottles from one place to another is not a rare and valuable skill.
Moving water bottles is a general universal process.
We would like to know if you have competence with general universal processes.
Thank you very much.
Goodbye, goodbye.
The ambassador leaves."
(end of story-narrative)

Let's fill out this application together, starting with moving-water-bottles; 
Water (as in the case example of moving water( containers)) is a gift that keeps on giving: it is nonsectarian and easily definable.

[The location of the water at a given time is concrete but the processes challenge our assumptions and require better models and participant coordination.]


(Timeline)
(Timelines are a gift that keeps on giving.)
Let's start with the moving-water-bottles part of the application-form (from the narrative). 
(The valuable-contribution part will come up later.)

We're going to put all the tools that we can use for moving-water-bottles on a timeline from symbol transactions (old) to Agile Project Management (new).
(Like go or chess, this technology timeline is a fabulously useful activity in general, and the kind of skill you can start in 10min and continue for a lifetime.)

The 'Agile Project Management' 'end of our timeline' is also where a goal is: 



Draw a Pirate Treasure Map:
- rectangle
- arrow
- X

- Agile Project Management is the X(marks the spot) on a treasure map;
- This is what we are looking for;
- This is where the target has needs; 
- This is where ___ target/user (e.g. society) has needs;
- Meeting the needs of the target/user is a treasure.

(Key point: Meeting the needs of the target, for example the user of what we create, is a treasure.)



(Boy) Scout Values 
A scout is
trustworthy,
loyal,
helpful,
friendly,
courteous,
kind,
obedient,
cheerful, 
thrifty
brave,
clean, and 
revenant.

On my honor, I will do my best to, to do my duty to, to guide my projects:
obey the scout law,
to help other people at all times,
to keep myself,
physically strong,
mentally awake, and 
morally straight.

Bravery Clause: internal whistleblowing + external confrontation.

(Guidance clause....)

A scout is prepared. Prepared for what?
- To manage down or manage to equilibrium system collapse.
- To manage up or manage to equilibrium system value, function, and meaning. 

Regarding Scout Values: 
1. Universal system of ethics.
2. Rejected because it is a universal system of ethics.
3. Not definable outside of a context.
4. Definable in a project-context (project management framework context).
(So far as I can tell, for the above four items regarding scout values: 
All of these are generally accurate. and: 
All of these are not recognized as being accurate.)





Project Context Examples

Project (Scout) Values (Part 2)
A scout is:
trustworthy: reliability, open-ness
loyal: project goals, stakeholder needs, user-needs, assigned duties
helpful: collaborate
friendly: welcoming, listening, supportive
courteous: protocols, contexts
kind: vigilantly resist tendencies to be unkind (bully, troll, tease, etc.)
obedient: focus on standup tasks
cheerful: make others smile/laugh 
thrifty: efficient sustainable scale-able use of resources
brave: pushback, whistleblower, feedback, elective decisions, self-motivated
clean: clean code; data hygiene; not a mess; 
revenant: 1. respecting system dynamics; 2. treating all situations as important and worth of attention and care (Dogen's cooking ingredients).

On my honor, I will do my best to, to do my duty to, 
obey the scout law,
to help other people at all times,
to keep myself

physically strong, mentally awake,  morally straight:  
- stamina across areas to get a project done.
	- sleep well
	- exercise
	- no inebriation
	- life-long learning
	- initiative
	- pro-active collaborative problem solving, good attitude; the 'morals' of project work.
- no system collapse in various areas; no single centre of participant nodes






(end of introduction to Mnemonic)
(Beginning of Mnemonic Proper)


Mnemonic
Four Sections:
1.  Value Statements
1.1  Addendum Items
1.2  Participation Array
1.3  Areas of Interaction
2.  Clarification Statements (for contracts)
3.  Standard Error and Damage Report (in four subsections)
4.  Macro-Model



1. Value Statements Section

The Target is ______ . (e.g. Homo sapiens and Earth)
Hello, my name is ___, my current project location is _____.

This project/framework should be generalizable and specifically applicable given an array of 5x5 items:

(Note: 1. Value Statements Section, operational definition of 'help')


Four Addendum Items:

1.1  Setting Location Items:
The water, the wind, the world, best practice, and other:
standards,
elements,
protocols,
gestalts,
symbols, 
signs,
portals, 
pathways,
world-as-unit items and translatable(s),
fractal landscape items,
phases of matter,
phase transitions,
directions, dimensions, (cardinal et al),
post-participants,
linear time,
nonlinear time.	

Q: Why are we talking about setting-location-items? 
A: 
- Ideal chess boards
- Definitions of insanity
- You have local factors. 
- Other people have different local factors.
- You need policies to cover all these areas.
e.g. The classic example of two distant sister-cities communicating and coordinating about "natural disasters" (flood, storm, quake, etc.) relief and disturbance regimes (modeling/policy/management.) [e.g. two internationally distant sister-cities]


2. Love, Act Responsibly Towards, Fulfill Duties Towards
including a framework borrowed from biology containing "comensal",
including:
1. Energy, 
2. Nutrients, 
3. Shannon/Turing Information, 
4. Definition behaviors


Q: Why are we talking about ethics (love, duty, and responsibility)? 
A: There is an epidemic of anti-best practice action and rhetoric. There should be:
1. a system medicine research area;
2. a system epidemiology task-force.


3. Reception And Reflection:
There is a time for reception and reflection.
I will be receptive and reflective for a [period of] time 
for example 3-5 inhalation-exhalation cycles,
(e.g.)
1 meter squared
1 meter diameter
+/ 
Three ~levels/areas of duty / participation-modes: pre-participant, participant, post-participant

4. Misc:
- Range of Motion
- non-transference (non-automatic learning, non-general learning)
- (policies on) errors and mistakes
- vetruvian-egg-shell
- empathy and compassion


Participation Array, 5x5 items: 
(This should be generalizable and specifically applicable given an array of 5x5 items.)
1. Participation Items
2. Setting Location Items
3. Definition Behavior Items
4. Proximity, Scale, Contact, Interaction, Exposure Items 
5. Standard Set of Agreed Upon Goals, Means, Methods Areas

[5x5 array]
Four Areas of Interaction: (e.g. four comparison criteria for each cell in 5x5 array)

1. (Participant Diversity) Love, Duty, Responsibility Including Boundary Dissolution Areas, 
Connection, disconnection, and ambiguity, in the following areas:
1.1 time space location
1.2 perception
1.3 action
1.4 experience
1.5 votes on goals means methods

(2&3)
Operational Definition of "Help":
"Deploying features that meet the stated and indicated needs and goals of a user is 'helping.' "

2. Giving Help
3. Receiving Help
Operational Definition of "Help":
'Help' is defined as deploying a feature that meets the stated, and indicated, needs and goals of a user.

4. Drake Equation Vessel Functions: in the following seven areas
Sub-Participants can, should, will, want to, do, help, and / or help with, serve, and / or serve with, setting-location-items in a legal vessel-capacity occupational role and niche and offer legal-vessel-contracts in the following ~seven areas:

4.1  Sensory Motor (Lear: Use My Eyes) Areas (Plus Electromagnetism)
4.2  Benzaiten Saraswati Areas (Plus historical continuity, minus high definition input output data-literacy/numeracy) (Note: translation and transmission)
?4.3  Embodyment / channeling items: theater-groups and community interaction, CRV, active-imagination
4.4  Functions and Operations:
4.4.1 Null, Void
4.4.1.1 negative choices and definitions
4.4.1.2 consciousness array: 3 fractal vectors
4.4.1.2.1 time, body
4.4.1.2.2. object location event
4.4.1.2.3. behaviors, policies 
4.4.1.2.3.1 Behaviors: in / out;  on / off; start / stop; begin / end; dual / non-dual; mundane / non-mundane
4.4.1.2.3.2 Policies: perception, translation, coordination, collaboration non-discrimination, non-collapse
4.4.2 Reception Reflection Absorption
4.4.3 Something-hard, Something-Soft Areas
4.4.4 (basal) Input-Output Processing Areas
4.4.5 Cross Context Areas



5. Definition Dark Areas / off the one-tree

6. World Dancing, World Singing, the song and dance of compromise

7. Professional Technical Production Advice: six sigma for rivers, grains of sand, ecosystems, keystone species

8. Number 8 (kind of a separate branch-area)
Help others at all times:

1.  I will do my best to help all parties according to all known best practice standards and protocols; to manage down or manage to equilibrium system-collapse, to manage up or manage to equilibrium system-value-function-and-meaning.

2.  Best Practice Blessing: 
"May you, may we, may noun, 
become proficient in the sustainable cultivation of value, function, and meaning,
via a local implementation of generalized system best practice,
with local spice and sauce."

3.  Learn from mistakes, your mistakes and the mistakes of others. You are the protector of those who cannot or do not learn from mistakes.


2. Clarification Statements Section: Disinformation & System Collapse

("Clarification statements" relate to system defense, system immune-system, diagnostics, disinformation, collapse-metrics, weak-points.
Definition of statement to be as clear and unambiguous as possible: "It is bad, It is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.")

Given enough participants, there will be participants who will push to and past the point of system collapse.

(You need to know that collapse happens.
You need to know where and how collapse happens.
You need to know what collapse looks like.
You need to know how to prepare for, prevent, and recover from collapse.)

Whether or not a statement should be clarified is an important item that should be dealt with according to all known best practices standards and protocols; 
1. No unilateral changes to group-agreed-upon goals, means, and methods, and 
2. No unilateral system collapse.


2.  Two Tautology Areas

(Tautology Area 1)
2.1 Three items which are also categories:

2.1.1  Participation: Participating on the behalf of participants without the participation 
is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.

2.1.2  Best Practice: Mismanaging general-system-management areas 
It is bad, It is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.
For example:
2.1.2.1  Having values
2.1.2.2  Valuing Data
2.1.2.3  Communication Reporting Transparency
2.1.2.4  Testing Auditing Feedback
2.1.2.5  No Unilateral System Collapse
2.1.2.6  Proficiency Standards for Time and Schedules

2.1.3  Causality Models: Concept Check: Scapegoating and Elimination: Identifying any entire part of the world as to be scapegoated and eliminated 
is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.

(Tautology Area 2)
2.2 Positive and Negatively Defined Areas ("top and bottom" chart areas)
Identifying system collapse as a goal, not indirectly as in dark lighthouse but directly as in exacerbating system collapse, as part of (defining / in any area of) the standard set of agreed upon goal means method areas, is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.
2.2.1  Following worst possible options
	is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.

2.2.2  Playing nazi-chess
	is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.

2.2.3  Mismanaging categories of types of systems
	is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.

2.2.4  Mismanaging Cross-Context-Areas:
	e.g.
	- exponential elbows
	- perception abstraction
	- indeterminate incompetence and malice
	is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.

2.2.5 Mismanaging Standard System Policy Areas:
	is bad, is wrong, it causes system collapse, it should not be done, and I will not do it.
For example:  
1. Mismanaging Split substantiations: for example 
'they are all good' 
'they are all bad' 
'they should be dealt with by cramming them together or splitting them apart"
2. Golden circle asymmetry / inside outside asymmetry, deleterious effects include: 
- causality, 
- schedules,
- contracts.
3. System inversion (is a standard data artifact)
4. Basal distal disjunction (is a proxy(model) for (operationally defined system) 'violence')
5. Negative choices and definitions (don't ignore them)
6. Turning on and off system processes ((for example) comparing policy from Roman Catholicism, South Korea, and Judaeica)
7. Half-dark dichotomies (more on that later)



3. Standard Error and Damage Report in Four Sub-Sections

_______  = target (population)
3.1 Overall Infection Level
3.1.1 _________ is extremely infected.
3.1.2 There are most likely autonomous infections.
3.1.3 There are most likely plots against setting location items.
3.1.4 _________ personally identify/identifies with system collapse.
3.1.5 _________culturally follows system collapse.

3.2 System Membranes
3.2.1 _________ has (no) system membranes.
The standard side-effects of not having system membranes include: (speculative)
3.2.2.1 meat shielding
3.2.2.2 junk clouding 
3.2.2.3 growth racing
3.2.2.4 self/child cannibalism
3.2.2.5 increasingly uninhabitable habitat seeking


3.3 Diagnostic Array
The next area has to do with system participation behaviors:
(This is a linear narrative walkthrough through an array)
_________ shows (no) sign of system participation behaviors.
_________ shows (no) signs of developmental pathways towards system participation behaviors.
_________ shows (no) signs of metapopulation, networked, developmental, pathways towards system participation behaviors:
- refugia
- discussion
- recognition
- use
- identification
- coordination

Array: "Empirical behavioral use of" and "having a concept of,' for each relevant context.

Concept: (value, function, and meaning)
Concept: (system fitness)
Concept: (system collapse)
_________ show (no) signs of having a concept of system collapse.
_________ show (no) signs of having a concept of system fitness.
_________ show (no) signs of having a concept of value, function, and meaning.
etc.



_________ shows (no) signs of having a concept of cross-contextual system models and tools
_________ shows (no) signs of having empirical behavioral use of cross-contextual system models and tools.

_________ does/do show (no) signs of empirical-behavioral-use of types of generality.
_________ shows (no) signs of having a concept of types of generality.
(types, scales, levels, recursive, etc.)

3.4 Policy Areas:
_________ is (or is not) dedicated to the: 
3.2.1  Destruction
3.2.2  Exploitation 
3.2.3  Misuse
3.2.4  Eradication
3.2.5  Torture
3.2.6  Scapegoating &
3.2.7  Coverup
of general system management areas.



4. Macro Model
4.1 Background:
- helping
- dutiy
- collaboration
(maybe) - values


4.2 Array:
1. Development / Population
(new set of sets)
2. Categories of types of systems / boundaries membranes and interfaces
(new set of sets)
3. Disturbance regimes & epidemiology
+
4. 
perception 
habitability 
feedback
learning 
habit 
accretion


4.3 Paired Areas:
4.3.1  Orientation, Navigation
4.3.2  Signals and Information
4.3.3  Law, code, script
4.3.4  Defense, immune systems



4.4 Hospital-Areas & Modeling Areas:
4.4.1  Hopital areas:
- system helping healing repair
- looking for lost elements
- disentangling good and bad elements
- grafting and synthetics
- apoptosis and necrosis


4.4.2 Modeling Areas:
All sub-disciplines of system and definition studies:
- system distribution
- ISEP areas
- input-output measures
- system circuits
- system functions
etc.


5. Statement of duty & responsibility: I will work harder.

5.1 This is a statement that I give in all channels:
With or without:
hope,
trust,
belief,
faith,
continual perpetual external moral reinforcement,
forgiveness,
patience, or
gratitude;
I will work harder.
+
5.2 Vitruvian Range of Motion fitness activities, PT, SLP, प्रज्ञापारमिताहृदय 般若心経, etc.










Notes:
- contraction of range of motion
- collapse behavior of definitions
- collapse of feedback
- potemkin village and obstructive structures
- generalized-context (rediculous or useful?)
- tallents being often invisible and overlooked
- general-development vs. specific-production


- On 'forced action':
Montesques's 'violence' use of 'force' is not the same as 'effort' and a more physics-stem meaning of 'force.'
- 'Survival of mind'


To distinguish between:
1. misperceiving mirages of value in noise and system collapse
2. failing to perceive relatively novel value function and meaning (options, pathways, configurations, etc)


Are can-do statement 'value/values' statements of a sort?

What is the nature of how parts of projects and STEM are (or are not) connected? What are categories of types of systems? How do systems, processes, projects, and definitions fail and collapse? Is there any interface between discussion of ethics, morals, even compassion and mindfulness, and the realm of systems and projects and STEM? What are mistakes? What does it mean to learn or course-correct based on mistakes? Can problem-with-perception be themselves perceived? Can obstacles to learning be overcome by learning about those obstacles? 
